AAv2-doc-updates (#3945)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/sso-ldap.md

### Overview

> Active Directory is a service that stores authentication and authorization details of all users on your organization's network. Integrating your Active Directory with Mattermost means that users can log into Mattermost without having to create new credentials. User accounts are managed in AD/LDAP and changes are synced with the Mattermost server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active Directory (AD) is a service that stores authentication and authorization details of users on your organization's network. When you integrate your AD/LDAP system with Mattermost, users can log into Mattermost without having to create new credentials. User accounts are managed in AD/LDAP, and changes are synced with the Mattermost server.
```

> Benefits of integrating with Mattermost include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Benefits of integrating AD/LDAP with Mattermost include:
```

Benefits of integrating AD/LDAP with Mattermost include:

- **Single sign-on.** Users can sign in to Mattermost with their AD/LDAP credentials.

> - **Centralized identity management.** Mattermost accounts can display user information from AD/LDAP, such as first and last name, email, and username.

Reviewer: I'd leave this as is without the added sentence, but only 1/5

> - **Automatic account provisioning.** New Mattermost user accounts are automatically created the first time a user signs in with their AD/LDAP credentials on the Mattermost server.

Reviewer: I'd keep the word "provisioning" instead of "creation". Keep the other changes in this line.

> - **Compliance alignment with administrator managemen.** Manage Administrator access to Mattermost in the System Console using LDAP filters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Compliance alignment with administrator management.** Manage Administrator access to Mattermost in the System Console using LDAP filters.
```

- **Automatic account creation.** A Mattermost user account is automatically created the first time a user signs in with their AD/LDAP credentials on the Mattermost server.
- **Sync groups to predefined roles in Mattermost.** Assign team and channel roles to groups via LDAP Group Sync.

> - **Compliance alignment with administrator management.** Manage Administrator access to Mattermost in the System Console using LDAP filters.

Reviewer: I think leave this line as is
